---
layout: post
title: Resume
category: posts
---

# Merissa Ramos
> Carlsbad, CA 92008<br />
(760) 562-3782<br />
[merissaramos@gmail.com][email]

## Objective
To obtain a position where I can utilize my vacation ownership sales and marketing experience to effectively and consistently generate leads for new business.

## Education
### 2003 B.S Creative Marketing - Johnson & Wales University, Providence, R.I.

## Work Experience

### Director of Marketing/Co Owner
> AZ Local Farmers Markets<br />
5/2010 – 7/2013<br />
Scottsdale, AZ

POSITION DESCRIPTION:

- Created, branded and campaigned 3 year round Farmers Markets and an online Delivery Service by creating relationships with local farmers, food vendors and retail partners
- Secured brand awareness through Public Relations, specifically built relationships with ABC 15, Arizona Republic, Scottsdale Republic, Scottsdale Airpark News Magazine, AZ Foothills Magazine, Ciao Bella of Phoenix New Times
- Developed social networking communities for each farmers market on Facebook, Twitter. Google Plus and Pinterest with content driven marketing
- Executed successful email marketing campaigns utilizing Constant Contact
- Implemented Google Analytics to our website and delivery service order form to measure and track effectiveness of all marketing campaigns and public relations exposure


### Sales & Marketing
> RAMOS I.T., LLC<br />
10/2008- 6/2010<br />
Scottsdale, AZ

POSITION DESCRIPTION:
Successfully generated business through relationship based sales. Our scope of services included websites, database creation, network administration services, telecommunication and IT services for executive suite office management.

6/2006-10/2009
Director of In House Marketing- Strategic Alliance Marketing- Scottsdale, AZ
POSITION DESCRIPTION
-In charge of the In House Marketing departments for the The Legacy Golf Resort in Phoenix, The Orange Tree Golf Resort in Scottsdale and The Desert Rose Resort in Las Vegas.
-Recruited, managed and motivated a team of up to 15 marketers at 3 locations which were responsible for booking 200-375 timeshare tours per month
-Consistently exceeded budgeted sales and marketing goals while implementing cost effective ways reduce our overhead

1/2007-5/2009
Director of Support Services -Shell Vacations Club Phoenix , AZ (THIS POSITION HELD SIMULTANEIOUSLY WITH ONE ABOVE)
POSITION DESCRIPTION Support services was responsible for customer service, accounting and gifting operation for the Sales Center.
My staff consisted of a team of 12. We worked closely with sales team of 30-50 agents, verification loan department to ensure vacation club members satisfaction with marketing services generated by Strategic Alliance Marketing.

12/2004-6/2006 Concierge & Sales Manager- Scottsdale Resort & Athletic Club Scottsdale, AZ
POSITION DESCRIPTION Built the first Concierge department at this resort. Sold banquet events, group room sales, corporate  and individual athletic club memberships, tennis tournament sponsorships and deeded week timeshare.

2003/2004 Concierge-Four Seasons Resort Scottsdale at Troon North Scottsdale, AZ (Entry Level Position)
Met and exceeded customers’ expectations in accordance with the Four Seasons Philosophy and Culture.
Awarded Employee Of The Month June 2004.



[email]: mailto://merissaramos@gmail.com
